.. Pipe Stress Infinity documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Sat Nov 23 20:12:55 2019.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Pipe Stress Infinity: Documentation
***********************************

.. toctree::
    :hidden:

    quick_ref/main
    user_guide/main
    prog_guide/main
    app_guide/main
    api_ref/main
    dev_guide/main
    faqs/main


Overview
========

Pipe Stress Infinity (PSI_) is an engineering design and analysis software used
to evaluate the structural behavior and stresses of piping systems to a variety
of different codes and standards.

PSI has an active developer and user community. If you find a bug or a problem
with the documentation, please open an issue with the `issue tracker`_. Anyone
is welcome to join our discord_ server were a lot of the development discussion
is going on. It's also a great place to ask for help.

Some of the features of PSI are:

* Linear static analysis
* Open source and free to use (consider supporting)


Contact
-------

PSI is developed by many individual volunteers, and there is no central point
of contact. If you have a question about developing with PSI, or you wish to
contribute, please join the `mailing list`_ or the discord_ server.

For license questions, please contact `Denis Gomes`_, the primary author.


:doc:`quick_ref/main`
=====================

The PSI Quick Reference is a good starting point of new users to get up and
going quickly. It provides a basic introduction and a taste of the program's
different usage capabilities.

If this is your first time reading about PSI, we suggest you start at the
:doc:`quick_ref/overview` section.


:doc:`user_guide/main`
======================

The PSI User Guide contains general roadmaps, much of the theory behind the
program and other user related topics.


:doc:`prog_guide/main`
======================

The PSI Programming Guide provides in-depth documentation for writing
applications using PSI. Many topics described here reference the PSI API
reference, which is listed below.


:doc:`app_guide/main`
=====================

The PSI Application Guide consists of tutorials, examples and various modeling
and analysis techniques.


:doc:`api_ref/main`
===================

The PSI Application Programming Interface (API) provides the reference for the
publically available classes, methods and function calls. It is automatically
generated from the source code documentation and can be used by developers and
users alike to gain a deeper understanding of the algorithms and programming
techinques used.


:doc:`dev_guide/main`
=====================

These documents describe details on how to develop PSI itself further.  Read
these to get more detailed insights into how PSI is designed, and how to help
its future development.


:doc:`faqs/main`
================

A list of frequently asked questions raised on the mailing list or the discord
server.


.. include:: links.rst
